In this video we will create the main API for products.
So go and do that.
So you will behave exactly like categories.
So I'm just going to copy this capitis and I'm going to go I'm going to do this and I'm going to paste
it up here and I want to change this to just the products.
So we're going to get you going to get all.
I mean any any products writing products I'm going to read this and I'm going to remove this one
remove category.
It won't be any category name and I think that's spot on.
All right.
Will be no category right.
You know I think that's about it.
So go ahead and test this.
So instead of giving a specific category we want to find you know all the products in the products you
know documents or we call the collection to be more specific.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So it's good to Huisman when you go to those
products get in and get all the products but only 10 items.
So if you go scroll down to products 23.
Awesome.
So in the next section at comparison walking guys true on the angler and I'll see you guys in the next
section.
Stay hungry stay foolish.
By.